✨ add blog post (#28)
GDG-Nantes/devfest2019: content/blog/regle-les-balances.md

---
title: DevFest 2019 - Rule the scales
brief: Rule the scales
image: /images/blog/regle-les-balances.jpg
date: 2019-09-06
draft: false
---

> ## Publication of the program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Announcement of the schedule
```

> You were waiting for him, here he is finally! The program of DevFest Nantes 2019 is available here: https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/schedule/. 🎶 [L'homme pressé - Noir Désir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by1RRP9wa_Y) 🎶

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You were waiting for it, the schedule of DevFest Nantes 2019 is available here: https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/schedule/. 🎶 [L'homme pressé - Noir Désir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by1RRP9wa_Y) 🎶
```

> Know that this year, the DevFest Nantes 2019 is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DevFest Nantes 2019 in numbers:
```

* 96 Speakers
* 70 Sessions
    * 40 Conferences
    * 16 Quickies
    * 12 Codelabs
    * 2 Keynotes
    * 30% of the content in English and the rest in French

>     * 1 replay area for the smallest room;)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 1 overflow area for the smallest room 😉
```

> * 1 sponsored after-party

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 after-party and 1 surprise
```

> * 2000 participants per day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2000 attendees per day
```

> Find the complete list of speakers at the following address: https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/speakers/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the complete list of speakers here: https://devfest.gdgnantes.com/speakers/
```

> ## Speakers / speakers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Speakers
```
